 -Immerse self amongst people who speak another language
-Make sergeants out of friends going places
-Pay for someone get to where they need to be
-Get someone the job, who wants to choose live
-Learn about ice
-Signals in the head...being with the facts of life to navigate correctly
-Realize what happens to the perfect alligment when a nutrient is replenished
-Build a house
-Have some amount of advances uploaded (eaily) assesible online
-Belong to online groups
-Meet analytics or computing lords
-Work at a steakhouse
-Meet the curators and masters of thought
-Notice the games played in spaces watching (mash) (zibar_a)
-Meet someone from Arizona
-Visit a junk yard
-Visit recycling center
-Make "the vow" me, you and the earth
-Got to a real producer with a studio
-Ask for a free coffee
-Visit Hawaii's burning bus, or find a bus attraction of some sort
-Go on a city site adventure with someone met in person
-Find a lord of instruments
-Collect some vinyl, remember 1 or 2
-Get asked to adopt pets
-See chefs talking live
-Try layering clothes
-Make a mermaid costume
-Go to New York, museums, corner store, pizza and coffee
-Put a sticker on a Ukulele
-Reunite with friends using echo location
-Go to Lincoln Park and see if you can survive rock jump
-Buy some lotus oil
-Get an item made from a rice bag
-Write a poem about Hawaii
-"the thing that never ends, spending time"
-care for a floor, purple and such
-"you know what I want, to get gift"
-finding the real places that have nice fabrics for sale
-Buy American Spirit cigarettes
-Paint an Ikea piece
-Charged effective
-Get on birth control
-Use the online recourses to prepare for your little ones including buying stuff
-Froth milk
-Focus on apples poses, getting to come around to meeting yourself, how the apples are made, getting done to get you to places, growing your universes on your calendar.
-Get a dream catcher
-Eat an octopus
-Fly a kite
-Buy a bike on Craigslist
-Get handoff through computer commercial
-Deck of Cards based in mota
-Buy a Dirt Devil
-Say your sex is exhibit, and later say its tuck
-Visit cow farm
-Visit Corn Farm
-Hate month of the calendar
-Swasthani
-Trolls
-Acquire some canvas and watercolor
-Have a lingerie party
-Get multiple sunglasses
-Shop at Buffalo Exchange
-Organize a dance (JuJu Bug)
-Announcements
-Video yourself giving thanks
-See wheat in a dream
-Count backwards from 10 in your head
-Curate conciousness
-Work on respect throughout all of the elements
-Draw the line in your kitchen
-"maybe i'm up to something"
-Start a new regimen
-Equal the cakes of the past.
-Have like 3 parties for your birthday
-Try grounding mat
-Try tongue scraper
-Visit Providences Annual Chalk Festival
-Follow what your eating (like peppers)
-Get article about how plants work (specifically terpenes)
-Go to hindu temple
-Deliver a pizza
-Check out handmade soaps
-Draw a gown
-Weed killer commercial
-Start a race
-Be collided, run into a space anomaly or episode in the sky
-Vegetable to a boy, deliver a basket of vegetables
-Sweep your options, see how much money you make
-Develop a pause like am radio system for your hands
-Waking the biggest part of the imagination, the biggest general message
-Doing for Talk Shows, hosting or podcasts
-Make a flag
-do what you want
-Well aversion
-Cough blood teaching, anything bad on TV is a cough blood rewind (travel backwards) we can change all TV
-"You met all of your objectives"
-Identify in public with gender
-Figure arts for orientation
-Write a card for each of your 1000 kids
-Prepare a proper cue, or listen to boss (me) what your cue is...
-Spend time with persons
-Enjoy your tv, (like really collide with what you are saying to what they are saying)
-Record music of some sort of organization style
-Sew things other universes have made...
-Got to an oyster bar
-Go out on a sailing adventure
-Think about sailing school
-Drive someone else's car to the grocery stores
-Leave all of your trash outside of a grocery store...
-Hum and laugh to yourself
-Laugh at yoga 
-Have a song for the beginning
-Learn morse code.
-Catch some live music in Louisiana
-Stay at Disney's "Animal Kingdom"
-Get sized for suits
-Get a nice fitting
-Think about your own customized mind pedicure
-Have the thought that "your later and you don't get to get the same as what you would have when you were young" and then say the offerings are still nutritious.
-Get a printer
Write letters about your stylish new website about your set back...
The generating of what you are convo, run, participant, bread, water, coffee, chocolate
Proclaim your business partner to islam
Eat sausage with apples 
Drive through the wind generators
Don't admit anything but your height.
Feature a person in a commercial for another company.
Write conclusion song to the time you are in. (gypsy boots)
Make a video of featuring a coin looking like a planet. 
Visit Enchanted Rock in Texas.
Prepare a nice countdown backup plan.
Take guitar classes.
Buy a ukulele in Hawaii
Write a list of facts.
Capture pictures of Save the Bay in Rhode Island.
Assign song captions to the titles of Pink Floyd.
Say no to wedding proposals.
Make underwear sale.
Dance at the club without touching.
Write an equation infront of your teachers for a new vehicle.
Enroll in school.
Acquire the whole universe through one scroll at the Paint store. (assigning full educations based on the specific)
Call your local yoga spot. Say Hi!
Go to university festival.
Pretend on a walk in the park that a rock was the elastic strain component of being a remainder of a sewer.
Create acronyms for the words "all" and "art".
When approached about spiritual, ask the question "what is spiritual".
When approached to have random sex, say no.
Try at the boardwalk to get a skater to host you riding seconds on his board.
When seeing someone steel, try to steal something small. To add traction, the item gets paid for that many times.
Try to swim to France from Cape Cod.
Give away a used guitar.
Play switch laptops.
Dye your hair blonde.
Play with ouija board
Draw the mountains of Vermont as people.
Paint Watercolor waterfalls with yourself and a friend on the side.
Visit waterfalls, and little village will help in case something goes wrong.
Write a book based on your favorite fruit or vegetable.
Create a mind summary.
Bike to work.
Have a bowl of cereal.
Brush your teeth everyday.
Acquire a rain stick.
Create a cave in your living area.
Create a sign in notebook.
Go to an art show.
Break a leg and a wrist.
Take afternoon pictures in pink.
Eat a boat of sushi.
Walk in someones house and safely make it out.
Write a speach about purpose.
Get a ride to your parents house.
Say "back to hang out" about your first particular on the left to the elements. 
Have a dream about your bottle collection. Breaking all of the bottles and pasting the pieces on your car.
Visit a mainland yoga retreat.
Rent a vintage car.
Write a video application of what you want to be accepted for.
Write product modules about Columbia, a whole binder full. (types of marshmallows)
Do the "C walk".
Write a dance about a fruit or vegetable.
Write a 3 letter play.
Write "Baba" on a sewing machine.
Shred paper for stuffed animals.
Write product modules about North Korea (types of bowls), A whole binder full.
Write product module about Mexico (clubbing gear) a whole binder full.
Write commercials for your brand.
Create an outfit about banana.
Acquire roommates.
Visit a friend's family on the holiday.
Buy a hookah.
Record video about hookah.
Play the game "bubble pig".
Sign into proxy server at school.
Buy an up to date atlas.
Set a pail outside in the sun, to make a heat vortex.
Boil raspberries with fresh roses.
Acquire art and craft products.
Contribute to creating new words.
React to topics based in your prerequisite, or advanced directives.
Gain a higher prevalent interest in power by making lists for yourself and friends, the communication of what to finalize as in the armpit.
Get a good picture in a director chair.
Bring a towel to the beach.
Sew new pieces for other universes, designs you might choose.
Anticipate new music by publishing music.
Go white water rafting.
Rent an RV as a family.
Go to thrift store in Colorado.
Leave bags at the airport, until family talks to you.
Grow indoor plants with seeds in water bottles, for creating your own ecosystem.
Catch a bouquet at an event or wedding.
Practice vinyasa yoga.
Take a luau class.
Practice ashtenga yoga.
Use essential oils, such as lavender or jasmine bell.
Take a Yoga Teacher Training Course.
Ask for a place to stay in San Francisco.
Use a laptop from San Francisco underground technology store.
Give someone your birth certificate.
Get your high school transcript.
Get your university transcript.
Try aloe and coffee.
Get toffee at Sprouts Farmers Market.
Pay for someone's coffee in the drive through line.
Play with pipe cleaner's and a shoe box.
Write a story about blue bear.
Visit your atherosclerosis. (gives you a visual of a black sun dropping into body)
Have a romantic date preparing a meal in the park.
Prepare a healthy snack for kids.
Get an item featured on the menu at a restaurant.
Buy a pair of Ray Bans.
Take any found items from the outside and turn them into hangers.
Write many system optimizations using your brush.
Draw a unique map of the United States.
Shine your shoes.
Iron your uniform.
Go to the Roller Rink.
Play lazer tag.
Give a CD to an Asian.
Use bumper stickers from Hawaii.
Manage a space dream from jupiter to saturn.
Create a 3 tier full of stickers.
Arrange a show around one of your favorite stickers.
Enter a science fair.
Make your way to a computing convention.
Calculate a budget for buying your own school bus.
Use indian candles.
Buy muscle soreness oil.
Create a party pack from young stuff bought for baby.
Buy an art set.
Buy a portfolio.
Do a reading on chi.
Create a fort in real life.
Walk in a fresh built house.
Kiss a girl.
Buy patchouli.
Buy spirulina.
Eat "Gypsy Pop" with soy sauce and sriacha.
Make a lace ladder on types of laces intended to be used.
Make Meal Worm Macaroni.
Practice "Tennessee"
Practice "Om"
Practice "Cuba"
Practice "Saskatchewan"
Practice "Pamplemousse"
Practice "Appearance"
Practice "SAAB"
Practice "Trampoline"
Practice "Grapes"
Practice "Lanksi Knife"
Practice "Cuba"
Practice "Jamaica"
Practice "Marshmallow"
Practice "Flat star"
Practice "Sweep"
Practice "Packet"
Practice "Lithiuania"
Practice "Profiteral"
Practice "US President"
Practice "Poncho"
Practice "Wafer"
Practice "Eight Figs"
Practice "Wheat Ball"
Practice "Glass Bottle"
Practice "Mango"
Practice "Clover"
Practice "Forecast"
Practice "Equation"
Practice "Sold Spain"
Practice "Sixty Three"
Practice "Mermaide"
Practice "Fame Mongol"
Practice "Vlondite"
Practice "Wax"
Practice "Clean Bowl"
Practice "Three"
Practice "Dog Nose"
Practice "Chopsticks"
Practice "Alaska"
Practice "Gum Stick"
Practice "Shade"
Practice "Spider"
Practice "Guetemala"
Practice "Shade Drop"
Practice "Shade of Circle"
Practice "Glass Decanter"
Practice "Sun Outlet"
Practice "Journal"
Practice "Snowflake"
Practice "VW"
Practice "Morroco"
Practice "South Africa"
Have a few nights without tea.
Walk into a fresh built house.
Have a friend buy you a pack of cigarettes.
Write a book of commercials.
Enjoy juice from a vegan bakery.
Enjoy Salted Cumin Lassi at Indian Restaurant.
Get the job at the Indian Restaurant.
Get an out-of-the-country teeth clean.
Celebrate birthdays.
Celebrate anything you made at or before 18.
Visit an El Salvadorean Cafe.
Scream about the President.
Apply for a University job position.
Tell the president to lick your elbow.
Make a batch of cookies for your dogs with dog food.
Write a book about your favorite fruit or vegetable.
Buy chinese markers.
Take your kids height on a plank.
Play dress up, dress down.
Write a synapsis for a documentary.
Have a dinner with a committed cousin.
Teach a student english.
Watch the New Years ball.
Make a pyramid and take a picture.
Check out the Art School Trash.
Go to the club as a minor.
Use a taco bell tray as a snow sled.
Order taco bowl at Taco Bell.
Dislike McDonalds for a little while to come on as a Winner, joining request groups and letting the drummer kick.
Witness building a shanti town.
Have a klondike bar.
Use public funding for getting a new pair of glasses.
Social network to a group of people you haven't met in person yet.
Approach a person if you could make a wire transfer.
Get a refund for a website at the grey hound station.
Give a friend your old middle school high school shoes.
Enjoy dinner parties with friends.
Make your own model of a vehicle based on what a teacher says.
Take Pizza Orders
Try a diced tomato pizza slice
Visit a cave in Hawaii.
Have a day in Corpus Christi
Cast your own party by drawing each of your friends a picture.
Take the SAT.
Party with a band.
Stay in a hostel.
Make a Valentine's day box.
Make a purple box with your name on it.
Visit Carlsbad Caverns.
Look up beer kit.
Look up how many citizens in the USA.
Start a bandcamp.
Play little japanese games on a website.
Start a youtube account.
Start a facebook account.
Start a blog.
Start a xanga account.
Start a myspace account.
Buy a dog.
Adopt cats.
Start an aim account.
Start an email account.
Bath in ash.
Try some Mole.
Visit Big Nazo.
Write a resume.
Win a bread contest.
Win a place on a restaurant menu.
Be a flower girl at a wedding.
Consider butler school in europe.
Know the acronym for Culinary Institute for America.
Write the acronym for die, dill is equal.
Write the acronym for kill, kiss inside linger lips.
Love the weather.
Be a witness to weather.
Write recipes on To Do Lists.
Bounce in a bounce house.
Egg shell cicerones fun poppables, make them! 
Eat some tomatoes with oil and vinegar.
Try Kashi cereal.
Try joining a lucid dreaming group.
Try alternate nostril breath.
Use a laundry backpack.
Have a Periodic Table of the Elements poster.
Have a sticker on a middle school item.
Practice om in an echo chamber.
Go to waterfalls in Hawaii.
Order taco bowl at Taco Bell.
Order Guava pie at McDonalds.
Carry your laptop in a tote bag.
Take a tour bus to the beach.
Use the wheelchair cart at the market.
Borrow a meat buyers guide book.
Buy a spice box.
Hold a rice party.
Feed dogs ice.
Get kids to pick up dog mess for allowance.
Build a fort out of blankets and chairs.
Install a TV to your blanket and chair fort.
Give a foreigner your phone number.
Secure a second bank account.
Buy sample shampoos at the nice thrift store.
Make a sourdough loaf.
Eat a wild style at In and Out Burger.
Eat at Sbarro.
Go to casino in Oklahoma.
Run out in the rain.
Use lomography camera.
Make a boots purchase from Urban Outfitters.
Use an armagnac colored bag,
Go to a university party.
Do the moon opening prayer "om namo guru dev namon"
Use wolf horn deoderant.
Wear a sailing outfit.
Practice POI.
Call the rejection hotline.
Let a cat go from a bucket of nails.
Light your poi on wick sticks.
Try oxygen at a oxygen bar.
Try chia coconut dessert at a mid-city asian restaurant.
Oil your sewing machine.
Go to a garage sale as a youngon.
Make bed in the morning.
Mail a Yoga Retreat Center.
Send a nanny application.
Buy a bicycle on craigslist.
Get a wrap presents job on craigslist.
Try lip venom.
Get a pair of dice bracelats.
Give a rose bracelat gift.
Use a tea pen.
Add detailing to a hot water heater.
Buy a bookshelf at a thrift store.
Use goo off.
Have a family reunion.
Graduate from High School.
Graduate University with an Associates Degree.
Write a friend the business plan video application.
Make friendship bracelats with friends.
Go on a submarine.
Hold a phone conversation over 6 hours.
Try Unagi on the Sushi menu.
Grab a snack in the airport.
Listen to music with someone.
Build dolls on doll build site.
Do your homework.
Wash your clothes.
Boil eggs.
Bring a wrap to your high school lunch.
Make an egg cake in the morning.
Get a suspense piercing.
Pierce cartilage.
Get a lip piercing.
Use a porcelain glass.
Own a business.
Reflect on getting an id machine.
Try to get on the news.
Brighten smile with teeth whitener.
Use caps lock.
Try the number keys.
Create a 3-tier project about dogs.
Play with strobe light.
Host a halloween party.
Tryout for cheerleading. 
Write a winning campaign for the Treasury.
Visit Washington D.C.
Write a song to anime.
Give a boy a letter saying they are the second best.
Make Christmas cards.
Buy an item from Claires.
Wear a french maid costume.
Buy a paper weight.
Watch Project Runway.
Start a fire in the forest.
Do some writing at a cafe.
Own a dreamcatcher.
Draw your own self portrait.
Study the artist "Peter Max"
Read "And then there were one" by Agatha Christi
Celebrate Saint Patricks Day
Eat indian spices with rice.
Make snow angels.
Go look at Christmas lights.
Decorate for Christmas.
Make an igloo.
Decorate a tree.
Make your own ornaments.
Check out Natural Bridge Caverns.
Go to an amusement park.
Check out Halloween at the amusement park.
Visit Las Vegas as a minor.
Try to start your own radio station.
Have the cubbard packed with many snacks, candies and popcorn.
Try fried tofu with orange sauce.
Study the artist "Matisse".
Get the book "Marma Points" by Vatsal Don.
Get a Yves Saunt Laurent bag.
Collect sea shells.
Collect wooden show pieces.
Use a place mat.
Keep stuff for baby in an animal bag.
Use a mahogany spray in your room.
Use a non abrasive cleaner for the toilet.
Have a scroll for jewelry.
Learn sign language.
Write letters to the Presidents. 
Bath in lemon juice.
Use a green table.
Try a palmier.
Restock pastries at pastry job.
Write a menu revolved about what you and your family have.
Commit to saying "Always a Pleasure".
Use the noni plant.
Pick fresh strawberry guava.
Pick fresh strawberry bananas.
Enjoy fresh picked pineapple.
Enjoy coconut papers.
Buy a grinder.
Light up some incense.
Try a honey shampoo.
Use a purple luggage bag. 
Try finding a leaf item at a Target.
Buy a cd holder at Target.
Buy a black floppy hat at Target.
Make scrapbook.
Give a hug to a coworker.
Buy Daiya vegan cheese.
Check out the book "Where the Red Fern Grows".
Learn morse. 
Create a letter game with the elements.
Buy an access harp.
Buy a pink keyboard.
Say Providence is the "city of divine, and divine means predict".
Say art is "aloof reason today".
Say when someone says to you "spiritual", say "what is spiritual".
Use an orange luggage bag.
Buy a map decoupaged box. 
Create a regular quilt.
Create a story quilt.
Try to record commercials playing on the TV with your phone or iPad.
Play the jaw harp.
Buy a bone necklace.
Use bike chain as a bracelat.
Be very intrigued of a close up picture of your nose.
Take selfies.
Try to go 8 days without pockets.
Download free recording software.
Try to find a friend with a recording software you can load on your computer.
Buy a snowball microphone.
Buy crystal glasses.
See yourself in a jail mirror.
Say your time gently flows the needs.
Eat baby octopus.
Watch "Mountain Men"
Watch the news for your city on Pluto TV.
Score a drink at the Hilton Garden Inn.
Watch Drug Store Gypsies at a show.
Score a business card.
Create a business card.
Write a whole book of tags.
Create pictures of women or men featuring the face of your business partner you got before you were 19.
Present Clothing Line to school.
Buy camping gear.
Go to Horse Camp.
Spin fire in Hawaii.
Spin fire at a party in Providence Rhode Island.
Practice spinning Poi.
Drive a silver car.
Steal a bag of rice instead of getting your paycheck.
Create a garden in a rented home.
Sing for the birds.
Score a howl at the moon with somebody.
Make your own jewelry. 
Do extensive stretching, jumping and tumbling.
Score an invite to an adult gym.
Volunteer at Wander Lust Festival.
Score a tour of the VIP section at a Festival.
Drive listening to Blink 182.
Have a lemon cream pie.
Buy from a market. 
Set up at a prominent market, and sell pillows or things you want to bring with you to process when your 19.
Get a holiday membership at the gym, like get the membership during the holiday.
Buy an Anthropologie dress, or two!
Make a barbie cake for a young daughter.
Make cards with daughter.
Get an icing set. 
Pierce ears by yourself with suspense wine rings.
Get an owl bag.
Sit under tree with laptop. 
Put stickers on your laptop. 
Ride the city bus.
Give away a natural microphone.
Get a seeds box from another country.
Draw a picture for your feminine friend Jack.
Play "egg" with an asian.
Get ice cream at a Braums with a stranger.
Try to control a storm through controlling transportation.
Fold laundry at the laundry mat.
Witness public toilet clog.
Play with a used microscope.
Help a friend in a natural disaster. 
Ride on a friends home made boat.
Visit Boston.
Enjoy a sailing journey at night from Boston with professional sailors.
Try winning the amateur night at the Glass Slipper.
Go out to breakfast in Boston.
Take pictures at Club Therapy in Providence, RI.
Enjoy a birthday meal at Matunuck Oyster Bar.
Have a steering wheel cover.
Have drivers manual in Glove Compartment.
Try Progressive Insurance.
Try banking with First National.
Learn the numbers in Japanese.
Have a green tea ceremony.
Explore Austin, TX bar and tea scenes.
Pay a bill to a previous account at bank.
Pick a first dress.
Have your own mini fire work show on Fourth of July.
Create a flag cake with raspberries, blueberries, and white icing. 
Have friends help you if you get stuck in the snow.
Blow a community alarm in a conch shell, telling them the meal is ready.
Try black and white cookies.
Go see a movie with your manager.
Buy art supplies from a mixed media sellshop like Ross or Marshalls.
Use a birdcage for your earings. 
Purchase pink scalloped birdcage clothing tags before 19.
Go to Iron and Wine show.
Buy mustard turtle neck top.
Buy black corset back boots. 
Buy thrift Frye boots.
Catch a turtle outside.
Buy market turtle babies and raise them big.
Set minds together through land-vision knowledge.
Help put sensors on clothes at commercial clothing job.
Get brocolli pizza at the food court. 
Get blueberry banana smoothie at the food court.
Get a chance to watch cheese get made at the Dallas Mozzarella Company.
Smoke pot with dog, as in dog gives you pot.
Sneak pot of a plane to your judgement of class project. 
Give a gift of gypsy graffiti art. 
Dress like a gypsy to prom.
Pick from a lemon tree.
Ride a bike down Broad street.
Buy a bike lock.
Play Lemon Jelly loud. 
Go to a Moe show.
Find an art store and buy a can of green spray paint.
Record a video of your pouring your heart out with your business partner before your 18.
Have tomatoes for Breakfast.
Write a book based on one ingredient.
Have someone buy you a leather fringe jacket.
Oil a sewing machine.
Practice the Star Spangled Banner.
Carry luggage bag around town.
Lay on a hammock.
Record a prayer in walking distance from your room.
Flip a quarter.
Try to find flint in Vermont.
Go to Purgatory Chasm.
Go to the Beach Forest in Massachusets.
Have an outdoor picnic.
Get on the announcements.
Arrange a platter of donuts.
Have ice cream from CVS.
Decline an offer for a side hustle (chalk board).
Draw you and your lover in a blanket. 
Create a story quilt.
Read the Indian Story "Swasthani".
Read the Indian Story "Shakuntula"
Visit and Indian Temple.
Read to a student the book "Love or Money".
Go to a native at home Indian Development.
Steal a crossword puzzle for your own benefit, to write a different novel with every word.
Play the lottery.
Make a friendship necklace.
Play "egg sock", a game not the crack the egg.
Make a torpedo with two soda bottles.
Throw hot sauce at an angry friend.
Bike around your neighborhood.
Bike the East Bay Bike Path in Providence, Rhode Island.
Get a hotel room in Block Island, and pay with check.
When in your Block Island room, try to block the door with your bed.
Learn the land advantage of each state.
Play in a country shed.
Play in little cupboard laundry closet.
Make a plastic soda cover snowflake.
Cover a wall in brown paper bags.
Try ashwagandha tincture.
Try spirulina supplement.
Try frankincense oil.
Try Patchouli oil.
Decorate for Christmas.
Have donuts with Get Pails.
Convince Get Pail to make hot chocolate sauce.
Decorate room like angels.
Have a family barbecue.
Play with keyboard.
Get some chapstick with your imagination.
Play with geometry tiles.
Sing the "Yummy" song.
Answer the "What you want to be when you grow up" with another question back.
Take the train from California to Albuquerque.
Read "Romeo and Juliet" poem.
Poor wine on your laptop, and say its suicide.
Keep a personal library book log.
Send a text message.
Lead the kids to a "Courage the Cowardly Dog" easter.
Play with pipe cleaners and shoe box.
Make yourself a toasted almond latte.
Make yourself a cappucino.
Make yourself a mocha.
Sneak of campus to get some tacos, and give the golf cart guy a taco.
Stay near the beach in Corpus Christi.
Paint a collection of watercolor pieces. 
Watch "Project Runway".
Play catch the ball.
Play frisbee.
Play frisbee golf.
Speak like a leader.
Visit coal mine tour in Colorado.
Do a photoshoot with outfits from another state.
Listen to "Snap Your Fingers".
Buy a mini three legged lucky pig figurine.
See a movie at the Angelika in Plano, TX.
Notice Frito Lay on the back of the bag is Distributed through Plano TX.
Stay at the rest top between Vermont and Tennessee.
Put your mind to work building roof top gardens on every space you want.
Visit casino in Oklahoma.
Get a ride from San Francisco to Los Angeles.
Stay with the band's home after a show.
Direct Deposit checks.
Buy fresh soil from home improvement store.
Take an art class.
Hitch Hike in Colorado.
Get a coat from a magic person.
Watch formation of a mango tree table.
Watch the series "Skins" with a British person.
Order goods online.
Try a juice diet.
Try a Diet Dr. Pepper diet.
Eat a grilled jalapeno at age 8.
Eat fried jalepenos at age 22.
Have a lemon as a first snack.
Work for a mens clothing store.
Drink wine working as a manager for an art gallery.
Serve brownies at work for grocery store.
Work for fancy furniture store.
Climb to the top of a waterfall.
Visit the Falls in Starwood.
Bath in a public bathing situation (Austin Springs)
Use Eucerin.
Try dermaplaning.
Try vacuuming the face.
Sit on the sidelines and people watch at the club.
Visit your Atherosclerosis.
Batch for the 
Order a futon.
Order a shelf lamp.
Go to clay place and paint a vase.
Take on the USA and steal a bag from someone with a friend with $500 dollars in your bag, with a chance to meet buy the dumpster.
Write a petition for "Save the Bay".
Listen to country music.
Play the Kardashian game.
Play Everquest.
Play Final Fantasy.
Write a song on top of a song.
Play "Sims".
Get scared of a Pop Up.
Stare at the sun.
Try butter on a Pop Tart.
Feel like nothing has happened since you have activated your life.
Realize that the first time is going to be in the middle.
Apply to a kids gym.
Get a gymnastics membership.
Try raspberry smoothie.
Try peaches and cottage cheese.
Imagine all people naked.
Go on a run outside.
Create a banana animation character of yourself.
Embroider with marroon thread.
Order a desk online.
Ask for a candy from Dad.
Look at yourself in a wooden mirror.
Ween off of pain medicine.
Jump off the rock at Lincoln Woods.
Catch a ball with a mit.
Enroll as a kid in gymnastics.
Enjoy grapefruit with sugar.
Purchase handles for bag from craft store.
Try to make place-mats into tote bags.
Play the game "international stylist"
Remember "Auld Lang Sign".
Visit Colorado Springs.
Purchase a copyright.
Purchase a sales tax permit.
Purchase a LLC.
Purchase a business moniker.
Seal a letter.
Fold napkins nice and pretty.
Get a Coach bag.
Get a White House Black Market dress.
Ask someone to buy you thongs.
Give a sex talk as in sex is about the brain.
Do an alternating nose breath.
Smell a hook.
Purse lips.
Communicate with more than one of yourself.
Realize the body and the land are in sync, and most of the oxygen is in San Francisco. 
Have jam and butter sandwich.
Try to get the president to come over and greet your family with a little scroll and a food item.
Learn the goals of Indians.
Visit Vista Del Mar in El Salvador.
Go to the karaoke bar in Austin Texas.
Have a fruit smoothie.
Listen to Jolie Holland.
Stay in a group home while pregnant.
Place a blank sheet of paper on the wall.
Do an architecture art piece.
Draw a picture of every house you have lived in.
Buy ice cream from an ice cream machine.
Make purple carrot fig ice cream.
Take flintstone vitamins as a kid.
Volunteer for food pantry.
Have a fun sleepover doing trust falls.
Convince security guard to sneak into concert.
Pierce your own ears.
Watch a successful space mission on TV.
Get the Weather channel to a level where they are Non-Talking.
Watch a live space mission on Youtube.
Say a lie to a big boss at the bar to get to have a learning experience.
Honor the Texas Flag.
Make a sock puppet.
Acquire the doll house.
Have a window seat to sit on.
Make a royal chinese dinner.
Grow watermelon.
Kiss your babies butt.
Make magnets with dominos.
Create a pregnancy invention with a phone, pregnancy test, and jacket.
Drive to the Starbucks and score a coffee from the person in front of you, without you asking them in person.
Use a rod iron candle holder for aesthetic of the brand.
Make caramel apples at home.
Get cheetah paw slippers.
Get a cheetah chair.
Get cheetah sheets.
Play checkers.
Play chess.
Draw a hook on the wall.
Put perfume on a biscuit for starving brother.
Babysit nearby families.
Use lightening as a stealing tool, to distract partials from full friends.
Buy a Yeti bag.
Get an ete, om in a sunflower tattoo.
Go to Hawaii and figure the remaining equation for ete, get it tattooed around your sunflower.
Ask a friend if they know of anyone who can do underage tattoos in their garage.
Download music online using BitTorrent. 
Use a proxy to log into myspace at school.
Play "Candy Land"
Play "Figure It Out"
Play "I Spy"
Play "Hide and Seek"
Play "Tag"
Play "Tug o' War"
Play "War"
Play "Battle Ship"
Play "Monopoly"
Draw chalk figures on your rented apartments walls.
Go to show at the Rock Steady.
Go to Captain Seaweeds.
Play pool for the first time.
Accidentally electrocute yourself.
Get a grounding mat/sheet.
Cover chiggers with clean nail polish.
Have a new years party.
Get a friend to lend their camera to you.
When friend asks you if you want to get pregnant, say I'll adopt.
Watch American Idol.
Sing "moon river" at an open mic.
Play "Hang Man".
Play "Mash".
Spend a summer watching Garden State.
Learn Yoga is a union.
Go to New York and help with recycling program.
Hang out in the parking lot at a Phish show.
Get a recommendation for the Duck and Bunny.
Pop out of commencement for University to buy some donuts.
Buy a safe for personal information.
Get a demo of Mac Makeup Rainbow.
Have a before and after ete picture up on your social network.
Listen to Frou Frou.
Listen to the Shins.
Listen to The Radio Dept.
Listen to Imogen Heap.
Listen to Devotchka.
Keep people directing traffic.
See it to try before you buy.
Sell your wardrobe on Poshmark.
Go to firework show.
Sneak on the train tracks after dark.
Use bronzer.
Use glitter puff on chest.
Shop at Agaci Too.
Buy raspberries and blackberry gummy candies.
Edit a picture of 6 of yourself.
Create a sub carpathean album with 12 tracks, all with one word but 3-3words, 4-2words and 11-2words.
Create album art featuring leafs moving.
Create food driven gypsy art.
Create turtle art with component for cars.
Have a bank build up for potential songs for albums, something to keep empty.
Win a costume contest.
Do a tye-dye party with friends.
Smoke a cigarette.
Have a shot through an ice luge.
Frost a cake. 
Conduct a marijuana Thanksgiving.
Believe in the Santa Clause.
Believe in Michelangelo.
Believe in John Mulloy.
Believe in Heather Mulloy.
Believe in Neptune.
Believe in Pluto.
Believe in the Devil.
Operate a radio.
Start a first business with clay pots and fake snow plaster.
Watch Shrek.
Watch Sedmikrasky.
Get your hair colored at a Vietnamese place in Boston.
Recolor hair at home when roots grow out.
Create an instrument (kalamazoo).
Make stockings with your University roomates.
Create a budget for your own school bus.
Acquire a Texas Bandana.
Create a land symposium for Mars.
Create a land symposium of Jupiter.
Create a land symposium for Saturn.
Create a land symposium for Uranus.
Create a land symposium for Neptune.
Create a land symposium for Pluto.
Use air refresheners.
Play the organ.
Believe in organ solos. (be scared of them).
Initiate a yoga practice based on your work.
Take on clients like you have seen them before.
Meet needs.
Drink Sprite Remix.
Sift dry ingredients before putting in wet ingredients.
Design your hands in journals.
Create Postcards based on your work.
Initiate your market style, by asking someone at the market for a place to stay.
Use an appropriate tool for your work.
Countdown before you get up in the morning.
Create infusion oils.
Learn fusion cuisine.
Listen to Amy Winehouse.
Buy a cranberry bar from Starbucks during the winter time.
Use a polka dot umbrella.
Place an "Acorn Falls Far From The Tree" sticker on an organizer.
Buy art you identify with, like looks like you.
Hem a pair of chef pants.
Polish shoes.
Iron uniform.
Use a name-tag.
Go to a pig roast party.
Visit Roger Williams Park.
Go to a car show.
Have a hummingbird feeder.
Notice squirrel when with another one.
Chase after deer when they make themselves apparent.
Acknowledge your royal connections.
Capture views of Lake Dallas with Dad.
Have Dad take a picture of the Yoga Sailor Costume.
Sing the song "Coutances".
Watch the Science of Sleep.
Watch and create Ted Videos.
Play Jaw Harp.
Make a "Dogs We Listen To" game, featuring your advances.
Draw an Indian's face.
Plan festivities for misdirections.
Tell someone you make music in your head.
Try a vegan, gluten free bun.
Try wolf horn deoderant.
Bring lingerie project to prospected purchasers.
Steal a cheese in the store room, during culinary school.
Have a camera for class.
Use Q-tips.
Have a Periodic Table of Drinking poster.
Cut your own hair.
